Abstract
Given the current Migrant crisis throughout Europe, the following study examined whether gender tendency of dehumanization is related to prejudice-related outcomes of modern racism and xenophobia. Additionally, it was also examined whether group malleability (i.e., the belief that members of a group can change) can mediate these relationships. For this purpose, a nationally representative sample of 505 Hungarians were recruited and completed measures related to dehumanization, group malleability, racism, and xenophobia. The results provided support for the proposed model: dehumanization directly predicted malleability, racism, and xenophobia, while it also indirectly predicted the two outcomes through group malleability. These results suggest that future intervention studies could target the reduction of prejudice by addressing one's beliefs about the changeability of groups.

Hypotheses
1. It was assumed that general tendency of dehumanization is negatively related to group malleability beliefs. If one perceives social groups with less human qualities, this person will think that the given group cannot be changed.
2. It was also expected that group malleability beliefs mediates between dehumanization and prejudice outcome measures of racism towards Migrants and general xenophobia. More specifically, it was expected that the higher level of dehumanization will lead to stronger beliefs in unchangeability of the groups that finally leads to higher level of racism, xenophobia, and threat of outgroups.

Sample
This research employed a nationally representative probability sample of Hungarians who used the Internet at least once a week. Participants were selected randomly from 15,000 panel members with the help of a research market company in June of 2016. For the preparation of the sample, a multiple-step, proportionally stratified, probabilistic sampling method was employed, in which individuals were removed from the panel if they gave responses too quickly (i.e., without paying attention to their response) and/or had fake (unused) e-mail addresses (see Toth-Kiraly, Bothe, & Orosz, 2017 for similar procedures). The final sample of 505 Hungarian respondents who gave valid answers was nationally representative-among those who use Internet at least once a week-in terms of gender (female = 258; 51.1%), age (Mage = 40.19 years; SDage = 11.79 years; range 18-60 years), education (18% had primary level of education, 33% graduated from high school and 48.9% had higher education degree) and place of residence (18.6% in capital city, 21.4% in county capitals, 31.5% in towns and 28.5% in villages).

Analyses
To practice, analyses were conducted in R.
